Added chapter layout for near and long-term future of Lightning (#25)
renepickhardt/The-Lightning-Network-Book: lightning-network-book.tex

\newglossaryentry{penalty tx}{name={Penalty Transaction},
  description={look at breach remedy transaction.}}
\newglossaryentry{lnd}{name={lnd},
  description={Implementation of the Lightning Network Protocol by the San Francisco based company Lightning Labs (\url{https://lightning.engineering}). Source code is at \url{https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd}.
It is written in Go.}}
\newglossaryentry{eclair}{name={Eclair},
  description={Implementation of the Lightning Network Protocol by the Paris based company ACINQ (\url{https://acinq.co}). Source code is at \url{https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair}. It is written in Scala.}}
\newglossaryentry{clightning}{name={c-lightning},
  description={Implementation of the Lightning Network Protocol by the Victoria based Blockstream(\url{https://blockstream.com}). Source code is at \url{https://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning}. It is written in C.}}
\newglossaryentry{shachain}{name={Sha-chain},
  description={}}
\newglossaryentry{hdwallet}{name={HD Wallet},
  description={}}
\newglossaryentry{bip}{name={BIP},

>   description={BIP is short for Bitcoin Improvement Proposals. It is a mechanism by which proposals for the improvement of the Bitcoin network can be made. Submitted proposals are discussed heavily and the best one implemented. See \url{https://github.com/bitcoin/bips}.}}

Reviewer: best ones are implemented?

Author: ```suggestion
  description={BIP is short for Bitcoin Improvement Proposals. It is a mechanism by which proposals for the improvement of the Bitcoin network can be made. Submitted proposals are discussed heavily and the best ones are implemented. See \url{https://github.com/bitcoin/bips}. Currently 34 of the 121 BIPs have been finalized.}
```

Author: there is a } missing at the end, oops...

\newglossaryentry{bitcoin}{name={Bitcoin},

>   description={Bitcoin is an experimental digital currency that enables payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried out collectively by the network. See \url{https://www.bitcoin.org} and \url{https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin}.}}

Reviewer: not sure if I agree with this definition. In a technical book I would rather define bitcoin as a chain of digital signatures

Author: ```suggestion
  description={Bitcoin is an experimental digital currency that enables payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried out collectively by the network. See \url{https://www.bitcoin.org} and \url{https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin}. Bitcoin does so by creating a chain of digital signatures that all participants can verify and agree upon .}}
```

\newglossaryentry{ecash}{name={Electronic Cash},
  description={}}
\newglossaryentry{ecdsa}{name={ECDSA},
  description={}}
\newglossaryentry{bech32}{name={bech32},

>   description={Bech32 is a segwit address format specified by BIP 0173. This address format is also known as "bc1 addresses" because all Bech32 addresses start with "bc" and currently with "bc1". See \url{https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32}.}}

Reviewer: would add that bech32 addresses use a 5 bit encoding scheme

Author: ```suggestion
  description={Bech32 is a segwit address format specified by BIP 0173. This address format is also known as "bc1 addresses" because all Bech32 addresses start with "bc" and currently with "bc1" because 1 is currently the witness version. See \url{https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32}. It uses a checksummed base32 format and is at most 90 characters long. It contains a 5-bit encoding scheme and is capable of error correction.}}
```

\newglossaryentry{encoding}{name={Encoding},

>   description={Encoding is the act of translating information from one form to another following specified rules. Text can be encoded as morse signals. Songs can be encoded as MP3 files. The opposite transformation is called "decoding". An MP3 song is decoded as audio.}}

Reviewer: would not give an MP3 example but rather address encodings of bitcoin addresses

Author: ```suggestion
  description={Encoding is the act of translating information from one form to another following specified rules. In Bitcoin public keys are encoded into addresses. Various encoding schemes exist with Bech32 being one example. The opposite transformation is called "decoding". A Bitcoin address can be decoded into a cryptographic key.}}
```

\newglossaryentry{input}{name={Input Script},

>   description={The Input Script is a script to prove that you own some bitcoins.}}

Reviewer: what about multisig scripts? what about time lock scripts and smart contracts? wouldn't it make more sense to define this in compination with the output script?

Author: ```suggestion
  description={In the absolute most basic form the input script is used to prove that you own some bitcoins. Look at the glossary entry "Bitcoin Script" for more details about what scripts can do and what role they play.}}
```

\newglossaryentry{output}{name={Output Script},
  description={The Output Script is a script where you designate someone else or multiple other parties to be able to prove they own some bitcoins.}}
\newglossaryentry{script}{name={Bitcoin Script},

>   description={Bitcoin uses a scripting system for transactions. It is called "Script" and is simple, stack-based, and processed from left to right. It is intentionally not Turing-complete, with no loops. Scripts can be embedded into Bitcoin transactions.}}

Reviewer: they can be transacted? Isn't it a fact that every bitcoin transaction has an input and an output script by the protocol design?

Author: ```suggestion
  description={Bitcoin uses a scripting system for transactions. It is called "Script" and is simple, stack-based, and processed from left to right. It is intentionally not Turing-complete, with no loops. Each transaction input has a script called the scriptSig, and each output has a script called the scriptPubkey. To validate an input, the input's script is concatenated with the referenced output script, and the result is executed. If the concatenation evaluates to "true", then the transaction is valid. A script is essentially a list of instructions recorded with each transaction that describe how the next person wanting to spend the Bitcoins being transferred can gain access to them.  Scripts can be written to cover a wide array of functionality with some of the best known script concepts being multisig and time-lock. A multisig script requires multiple signatures as proof before access to funds is given. A time-lock script makes funds available only after a certain time or blockchain height has been reached. The script for the simplest transfer of funds is called "pay-to-pubkey-hash" script. See \url{https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script}.}}
```

\newglossaryentry{msat}{name={Millisatoshi},

> description={1000 millisatoshis are one Satoshi. A millisatoshi is hence one hundred billionth of a single bitcoin.}}

Reviewer: would add that milli satoshi do not exist on the blockchain and are used for rounding purposes in the payment channels of the lightning network.

Author: ```suggestion
description={1000 millisatoshis are one Satoshi. A millisatoshi is hence one hundred billionth of a single bitcoin. Millisatoshis are used in the Lightning Network only and do not exist on the Bitcoin blockchain. When payments are settled on the Bitcoin blockchain millisatoshis are rounded to the smallest unit on the Bitcoin blockchain, i.e. satoshis.}}
```

\item Spam HTLCs to block channels
\item Spam the blockchain
\end{itemize}
\subsection{Loss of keys or passwords}
\todo{E.g. \url{https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2019/02/digital-exchange-loses-137-million-as-founder-takes-passwords-to-the-grave/}}
\chapter{Controversial topics}
\section{Consequences of decentralization}
\section{Custodial Services, Lightning hubs and banks}
\section{Privacy and regulatory challenges}
\section{Consensus, Forking and Altcoins}

> \chapter{The near and long-term future of Lightning}

Reviewer: while I like the topics of this chapter I am not sure if they should be summarized in this chapter instead of being spread in other chapters

Author: Just a remark: the reader should clearly understand that the Lightning ecosystem is just being built up and that there is a lot that lies in the future. Also, some people might NOT read the whole book. They will jus tbrowse through the TOC and then read the chapters that interest them. For SUCH people a separate chapter might be more useful than working it into various other chapters throughout the book.
